in general my game has this structure. 1. Game Lobby, where you can connect to a game or create a game, 2. Once the game has enough players to start, we need to enable a wallet integration (metamask) that takes an entrance fee and adds it to a prize pool. Once every entrance fee has been paid, we need to lock the game and not allow it to be joined any more. 3. Once the game has been locked, we need to actually begin the playing of the game, the playing of the game happens in the following way,  1. every player writes an initial strategy message that their ai agent uses as their strategy for how they will negotiate, the goal of the game is for the agents to all agree to how the prize pool will be split amongst all the other agents 2. The agents go in a random order to speak and each get the opportunity to broadcast one message that will be read by every other agent. This goes on for five rounds, so each agent gets to speak 5 times. 3. After all 5 rounds are over, an important 6th round happens called the proposal round where each agent gets to share their proposal for how the pool will be split, the proposal must meet the criteria of every agent is named and their % is listed and the % must add to 100% 4. A 7th round of speaking happens where each agent shares an allocation of votes (each agent gets 100 votes and they can split them among each proposal however they see fit) 5. end game condition - if any proposal receives at least 61% of the votes, it passes, and the funds are distributed in the way described in that proposal, however, if that level is not met, all agents which are not the two highest vote receiving agents are now prohibited from drafting proposals, and only those with the top two votes are allowed to continue drafting proposals, if there is a tie, the system randomly selects the agents to allow to continue drafting proposals from the group which tied for most votes. If there were only two proposers for this round and neither receives 61%, the one who receives the fewest votes is eliminated and a replacement is selected at random, this selection is announced to all agents following the failed vote. Following a failed vote, every player writes an additional strategy message that their ai agent uses as their strategy for how they will negotiate - 5 more rounds of negotiations happen where each agent speaks once in a random order, followed by a proposer round, followed by a vote on proposal round, this is repeated for a maximum of ten rounds, if ten rounds pass and no proposal passes,  45% of the pot goes to each of the final two proposers, with 10% of the pot going to the house